Documentation for the DevTools enhanced traces feature (#2388)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/share-traces.md

---
title: Share performance and memory traces
description: Learn to export and import performance and memory traces in DevTools to get help when investigating issues.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 01/06/2023
---
# Share performance and memory traces

> The **Performance** and **Memory** tools record runtime data about your web page. Exploring the recorded data makes it possible to improve your web page's memory usage or runtime performance.

Reviewer: Global: change "web page" to "webpage".
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/page

FTS style guide: 
"web page" 1 hit.
"webpage" 40 hits.

Not properly doc'd in style guide but hit counts show "web page" is style guide's standard.

> Additionally, the recorded data can be exported to files on disk. The exported files are called traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the recorded data can be exported to files on disk. The exported files are called _traces_.
```

* As an enhanced trace: a `.devtools` file, which contains more runtime data from the traced web page.

In Microsoft Edge versions prior to 109, enhanced traces aren't available. Starting with 109, the **Performance** and **Memory** tools can export normal and enhanced traces.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Enhanced traces

A normal trace only contains some of the information that's present in a web page. Much of the original code is lost and only the recorded performance or memory data of the web page is preserved in the trace. For example, when importing a `.heapsnapshot` memory trace that was recorded during another DevTools session or on another computer, there's no way to go from an object in the **Memory** tool to its constructor in the **Sources** tool.

Similarly, in the **Performance** tool; when you import a performance trace recorded earlier, it needs to have been recorded on the same site and same configuration to be able to map from the performance report to the JavaScript that was running in the browser.

> An enhanced trace retains more information about the page. For example, an enhanced trace contains the execution context, the list of parsed scripts, and can optionally contain console messages, script sources, and a snapshot of the DOM tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An enhanced trace retains more information about the page. For example, an enhanced trace contains the execution context and the list of parsed scripts, and can optionally contain console messages, script sources, and a snapshot of the DOM tree.
```

> When a normal trace is imported in DevTools, the recorded data is used to populate the **Performance** or **Memory** tool. When an enhanced trace is imported in DevTools, a new DevTools window appears. This new window isn't connected to the web page that's running in your browser, and instead re-creates the environment in which the trace was originally recorded. For example, if a snapshot of the DOM was recorded in the enhanced trace, the **Elements** tool displays this snapshot. If console messages were recorded, the **Console** tool prints these messages. The **Sources** tool displays the scripts that were present during the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a normal trace is imported in DevTools, the recorded data is used to populate the **Performance** or **Memory** tool. When an enhanced trace is imported in DevTools, a new DevTools window appears. This new window isn't connected to the web page that's running in your browser, and instead re-creates the environment in which the trace was originally recorded. 

For example, if a snapshot of the DOM was recorded in the enhanced trace, the **Elements** tool displays this snapshot. If console messages were recorded, the **Console** tool prints these messages. The **Sources** tool displays the scripts that were present during the recording.
```
arb'ly breaking up long paragraph

Using enhanced traces makes it possible to reliably resolve source code references found in imported traces to the actual runtime code in the **Sources** tool. Additionally, if source maps were presents when a trace was recorded, it will also be possible to resolve code references to their original source code.

> Enhanced traces can only be imported in Microsoft Edge, while normal traces are compatible with other browsers based on Chromium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced traces can only be imported in Microsoft Edge, while normal traces are compatible with other browsers based on the Chromium engine.
```
hints bc no one knows what 'chromium' means

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Set the default trace type

> By default, the **Performance** and **Memory** tools export data as normal traces, but it's possible to choose which type of traces are export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the **Performance** and **Memory** tools export data as normal traces, but it's possible to choose which type of traces are exported.
```

To change the trace type:

1. Open DevTools by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).

1. In DevTools, in the upper right, click **Settings** (![Settings button.](../media/settings-button-icon.msft.png)).

1. Under **Persistence**, if you want to record enhanced traces, check **Export Enhanced Performance and Memory Traces**. Otherwise clear the option.

    ![The Settings panel in DevTools, with the enhanced traces option checked](./share-traces-images/trace-type-setting.png)

1. Enhanced traces can also optionally include console messages, script sources and DOM elements too. Choose what to include in enhanced traces by using the **Include console message in enhanced traces**, **Include script sources in enhanced traces**, and **Include DOM snapshots in enhanced traces (experimental)** options:

>     ![The Settings panel in DevTools, showing the other enhanced trace options](./share-traces-images/enhanced-trace-options.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Settings panel in DevTools, showing the other enhanced trace options](./share-traces-images/enhanced-trace-options.png)
```
more or fewer leading spaces, consistent in each list, for right numbering result / indents

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Export a trace

To export a performance recording from the **Performance** tool:

1. Go to the website you want to record the performance of.

1. Open the **Performance** tool.

1. Press **Record**, execute the scenario you want to investigate the performance of by interacting with the webpage, and then press **Stop**.

1. When the performance profile appears, click **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)).

1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk.

>     ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)
```
start at col 3 or 4 consistently in a given list

To export memory information from the **Memory** tool:

1. Go to the website you want to export the memory data from.

1. Open the **Memory** tool.

> 1. Choose the type of memory recording you're interested in, for example **Heap Snapshot**. The following instructions are similar if you choose a different memory recording type. To learn more about the different memory recording types, see [Fix memory problems](../memory-problems/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the type of memory recording you're interested in, such as **Heap Snapshot**. The following instructions are similar if you choose a different memory recording type. To learn more about the different memory recording types, see [Fix memory problems](../memory-problems/index.md).
```

1. Click **Take Snapshot**.

1. When the snapshot is recorded, click the **Save** button in the **Memory** tool sidebar.

1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk.

>     ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save button was clicked in the Memory tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-memory-trace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save button was clicked in the Memory tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-memory-trace.png)
```

Traces are exported as normal or enhanced traces, depending on the **Export Enhanced Performance and Memory Traces** option. To change the default trace type, see [Set the default trace type](#set-the-default-trace-type). You can also choose the type of trace you want when exporting.

To choose a different trace type when exporting:

1. Right-click (or hold the `Ctrl` key and click) the **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)) in the **Performance** tool or the **Save** button in the **Memory** tool.

1. Click either **.devtools (enhanced format for Microsoft Edge)** if you want to export an enhanced trace, or click **.json (works with Microsoft Edge and Chromium browsers)** if you want a normal trace.

>     ![The Performance tool, showing the contextual menu on the Save profile button, which allows to choose the type of trace](./share-traces-images/choose-trace-type-on-export.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Performance tool, showing the contextual menu on the Save profile button, which allows to choose the type of trace](./share-traces-images/choose-trace-type-on-export.png)
```
or add space after each "1. " in the list

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Import a trace

To import a trace in the **Performance** tool:

1. Open the **Performance** tool.

1. Click **Load profile** (![Load profile button](../media/import-icon.png)).

1. Locate the trace file on your disk. It's either a `.devtools` file (for enhanced traces) or a `.json` file (for normal traces).

1. Open the file.

>     ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-perf-trace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-perf-trace.png)
```

>     If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears with the performance profile and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears with the performance profile and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.
```

    If the file is a normal trace, the performance profile appears in the **Performance** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current web page.

To import a trace in the **Memory** tool:

1. Open the **Memory** tool.

1. Click **Load**.

1. Locate the trace file on your disk. It's either a `.devtools` file (for enhanced traces) or a `.heapsnapshot`, `.heaptimeline`, or `.heapprofile` file (for normal traces).

1. Open the file.

>     ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load button was clicked in the Memory tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-memory-trace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load button was clicked in the Memory tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-memory-trace.png)
```

>     ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load button was clicked in the Memory tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-memory-trace.png)

Reviewer: Global comment, esp applies to this png:

I wouldn't use two windows side-by-side, I'd design for narrow page instead; series of two windows, one below the other.  Probably as 2 pngs but could be 1 png containing two windows, one above the other, not side-by-side.  

GitHub rendered article w/ smaller headings than LMC:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/pabrosse/enhanced-traces/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/share-traces.md

Right-click the bottom png, **Open in new tab**:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/user/pabrosse/enhanced-traces/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/share-traces-images/importing-memory-trace.png

>     If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears with the memory information and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears with the memory information and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.
```

>     If the file is a normal trace, the memory information appears in the **Memory** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the file is a normal trace, the memory information appears in the **Memory** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current web page.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Enhanced traces

A normal trace only contains some of the information that's present in a webpage. Much of the original code is lost and only the recorded performance or memory data of the webpage is preserved in the trace. For example, when importing a `.heapsnapshot` memory trace that was recorded during another DevTools session or on another computer, there's no way to go from an object in the **Memory** tool to its constructor in the **Sources** tool.

Similarly, in the **Performance** tool; when you import a performance trace recorded earlier, it needs to have been recorded on the same site and same configuration to be able to map from the performance report to the JavaScript that was running in the browser.

An enhanced trace retains more information about the page. For example, an enhanced trace contains the execution context and the list of parsed scripts, and can optionally contain console messages, script sources, and a snapshot of the DOM tree.

> 

Reviewer: add some h4's in this h2 section, avoid sea of text (long series of block paragraphs).  Like labels on para's.  A strategy: invent a label that states what each paragraph is about.  Craft h4s from that.

1. Under **Persistence**, if you want to record enhanced traces, check **Export Enhanced Performance and Memory Traces**. Otherwise clear the option.

   ![The Settings panel in DevTools, with the enhanced traces option checked](./share-traces-images/trace-type-setting.png)

1. Enhanced traces can also optionally include console messages, script sources and DOM elements too. Choose what to include in enhanced traces by using these options:

   * **Include console message in enhanced traces**.
   * **Include script sources in enhanced traces**.
   * **Include DOM snapshots in enhanced traces (experimental)**.

   ![The Settings panel in DevTools, showing the other enhanced trace options](./share-traces-images/enhanced-trace-options.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Export a trace

To export a performance recording from the **Performance** tool:

1. Go to the website you want to record the performance of.

1. Open the **Performance** tool.

1. Press **Record**, execute the scenario you want to investigate the performance of by interacting with the webpage, and then press **Stop**.

> 1. When the performance profile appears, click **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the performance profile appears, click **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)):
```

> 1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk.
> 
>    ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)

1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk.
```
move text below png for correct seq and to push apart the two pngs

>    ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Save profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to save the exported file](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)

Reviewer: * Break png into two pngs.
* Remove red box from the Save As window png.
* Put this step above the Save As window png, w/ a colon to glue the flow:
1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk:

Author: I'm splitting the screenshots. I don't think adding the `.devtools` part is a good idea though. The article explains the different between normal and enhanced traces, but it's up to them to choose which type of trace they want. They may be exporting either of these types. The screenshot may show a devtools file, because that's what I chose when taking the screenshot, but the reader may be exporting a normal trace.

Traces are exported as normal or enhanced traces, depending on the **Export Enhanced Performance and Memory Traces** option. To change the default trace type, see [Set the default trace type](#set-the-default-trace-type). You can also choose the type of trace you want when exporting.

To choose a different trace type when exporting:

1. Right-click (or hold the `Ctrl` key and click) the **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)) in the **Performance** tool or the **Save** button in the **Memory** tool.

1. Click either **.devtools (enhanced format for Microsoft Edge)** if you want to export an enhanced trace, or click **.json (works with Microsoft Edge and Chromium browsers)** if you want a normal trace.

   ![The Performance tool, showing the contextual menu on the Save profile button, which allows to choose the type of trace](./share-traces-images/choose-trace-type-on-export.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Import a trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Import a trace in the Performance tool
```
optimizing for h2 heavy usage per "In this article" nav

> To import a trace in the **Performance** tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Import a trace in the Performance tool

To import a trace in the **Performance** tool:
```
skimmable

1. Open the **Performance** tool.

1. Click **Load profile** (![Load profile button](../media/import-icon.png)).

1. Locate the trace file on your disk. It's either a `.devtools` file (for enhanced traces) or a `.json` file (for normal traces).

1. Open the file.

   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools open, the Load profile button was clicked in the Performance tool, and an Explorer window is opened as a result, to select a file to be imported](./share-traces-images/importing-perf-trace.png)

   If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears, showing the performance profile and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.

   If the file is a normal trace, the performance profile appears in the **Performance** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current webpage.

> To import a trace in the **Memory** tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Import a trace in the Memory tool

To import a trace in the **Memory** tool:
```

---
title: Share performance and memory traces
description: Learn to export and import performance and memory traces in DevTools to get help when investigating issues.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 01/06/2023
---
# Share performance and memory traces

The **Performance** and **Memory** tools record runtime data about your webpage. Exploring the recorded data makes it possible to improve your webpage's memory usage or runtime performance.

Additionally, the recorded data can be exported to files on disk. The exported files are called _traces_.

Exporting performance and memory traces is useful when you want to share these files with other people to get help with investigating issues. An exported trace file can be imported in DevTools at any time.

Traces can be exported in one of two ways: 

> * As a normal trace: a `.json`, `.heapsnapshot`, `.heapprofile`, or `.heaptimeline` file, which contains minimal information about the runtime data from the traced webpage.

Reviewer: consistency: here, "sourcemaps" 1 word

> * As a normal trace: a `.json`, `.heapsnapshot`, `.heapprofile`, or `.heaptimeline` file, which contains minimal information about the runtime data from the traced webpage.

Author: I re-structured the article so it's more of a description of this new experimental feature, with its value prop, rather than a description of the 2 ways to export.

> * As an enhanced trace: a `.devtools` file, which contains more runtime data from the traced webpage.

Reviewer: consistency: here, "source maps" 2 words.  
Try global Find in repo, 1 word vs. 2, decide when to use which.

> * As an enhanced trace: a `.devtools` file, which contains more runtime data from the traced webpage.

Reviewer 2: The "most formal" specification https://sourcemaps.info/spec.html says "Source Maps"

> * As an enhanced trace: a `.devtools` file, which contains more runtime data from the traced webpage.

Author: We have many more instances of "source map" than we do of "sourcemap" in the code base. So I'm using "source map" here, 2 words.

> In Microsoft Edge versions prior to 109, enhanced traces aren't available. Starting with 109, the **Performance** and **Memory** tools can export normal and enhanced traces.

Reviewer 2: ...can export *both* normal and...

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Normal traces

A normal trace only contains some of the information that's present in a webpage. Much of the original code is lost and only the recorded performance or memory data of the webpage is preserved in the trace. For example, when importing a `.heapsnapshot` memory trace that was recorded during another DevTools session or on another computer, there's no way to go from an object in the **Memory** tool to its constructor in the **Sources** tool.

> Similarly, in the **Performance** tool; when you import a performance trace recorded earlier, it needs to have been recorded on the same site and same configuration to be able to map from the performance report to the JavaScript that was running in the browser.

Reviewer: Try an unordered list:
```
Similarly, in the **Performance** tool; when you import a performance trace recorded earlier:
*  The trace needs to have been recorded on the same site and same configuration to be able to map from the performance report to the JavaScript that was running in the browser.
* If file or function names have changed since the recording was taken, this mapping is prone to errors.
```

> Similarly, in the **Performance** tool; when you import a performance trace recorded earlier, it needs to have been recorded on the same site and same configuration to be able to map from the performance report to the JavaScript that was running in the browser.

Reviewer 2: Because this is a new sentence, a semicolon should not appear following "tool"; rather, it should be a comma.

When a normal trace is imported in DevTools, the recorded data is used to populate the **Performance** or **Memory** tool.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Enhanced traces

An enhanced trace retains more information about the page. For example, an enhanced trace contains the execution context and the list of parsed scripts, and can optionally contain console messages, script sources, and a snapshot of the DOM tree.

> When an enhanced trace is imported in DevTools, a new DevTools window appears. This new window isn't connected to the webpage that's running in your browser, and instead re-creates the environment in which the trace was originally recorded.

Reviewer 2: ...re-creates *part of* the environment... -- don't want to oversell the feature.

For example, if a snapshot of the DOM was recorded in the enhanced trace, the **Elements** tool displays this snapshot. If console messages were recorded, the **Console** tool prints these messages. The **Sources** tool displays the scripts that were present during the recording.

> Using enhanced traces makes it possible to reliably resolve source code references found in imported traces to the actual runtime code in the **Sources** tool. Additionally, if source maps were presents when a trace was recorded, it will also be possible to resolve code references to their original source code.

Reviewer 2: ...if source maps were **present** when a trace was recorded, *or if your source maps are [stored on Azure Artifacts Symbol Server](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/javascript/consume-source-maps-from-azure)*, it will also...

Enhanced traces can only be imported in Microsoft Edge, while normal traces are compatible with other browsers based on the Chromium engine.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Set the default trace type

By default, the **Performance** and **Memory** tools export data as normal traces, but it's possible to choose which type of traces are exported.

To change the trace type:

1. Open DevTools by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).

1. In DevTools, in the upper right, click **Settings** (![Settings button](../media/settings-button-icon.msft.png)).

> 1. Under **Persistence**, if you want to record enhanced traces, check **Export Enhanced Performance and Memory Traces**. Otherwise clear the option.

Reviewer 2: ...if you want to <s>record</s>*export* enhanced traces...

Reviewer 2: The "enhanced" trace is always recorded, but not always exported.

   ![The Settings panel in DevTools, with the enhanced traces option checked](./share-traces-images/trace-type-setting.png)

1. Enhanced traces can also optionally include console messages, script sources and DOM elements too. Choose what to include in enhanced traces by using these options:

   * **Include console message in enhanced traces**.
   * **Include script sources in enhanced traces**.
   * **Include DOM snapshots in enhanced traces (experimental)**.

   ![The Settings panel in DevTools, showing the other enhanced trace options](./share-traces-images/enhanced-trace-options.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Export a trace from the Performance tool

To export a performance recording from the **Performance** tool:

> 1. Go to the website you want to record the performance of.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I think we can cut this step. It doesn't really add anything

1. Open the **Performance** tool.

> 1. Press **Record**, execute the scenario you want to investigate the performance of by interacting with the webpage, and then press **Stop**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Click **Record** and run the scenario you want to investigate the performance of by interacting with the webpage, and then click **Stop**.
```

1. When the performance profile appears, click **Save profile** (![Save profile button](../media/export-icon.png)):

   ![Microsoft Edge with DevTools, showing the Performance tool, with the Save profile button](./share-traces-images/exporting-perf-trace.png)

1. Choose a location to save the trace file on your disk:

   ![The Windows save dialog, showing the performance trace file being saved in a traces folder](./share-traces-images/saving-perf-trace.png)

>    The trace is a `.json` file if you set the default trace type to normal, and it is a `.devtools` file if you set the default trace type to enhanced.

Reviewer 2: The alternative can be chosen by right-clicking the button, or by activating it with Ctrl+Space.

Reviewer 2: Oh, that's covered below, so this can be a scratch.

   If the file is a normal trace, the performance profile appears in the **Performance** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current webpage.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Import a trace in the Memory tool

To import a trace in the **Memory** tool:

1. Open the **Memory** tool.

1. Click **Load**.

   ![Microsoft Edge, showing the Memory tool in DevTools, with the Load button](./share-traces-images/importing-memory-trace.png)

1. Locate the trace file on your disk. It's either a `.devtools` file (for enhanced traces) or a `.heapsnapshot`, `.heaptimeline`, or `.heapprofile` file (for normal traces).

   ![The Windows open dialog, showing a memory trace file](./share-traces-images/opening-memory-trace.png)

1. Open the file.

   If the file is an enhanced trace, a new DevTools window appears, showing the memory information and the extra runtime information that was recorded displayed in the **Sources**, **Console**, and **Elements** tools.

>    If the file is a normal trace, the memory information appears in the **Memory** tool, and the rest of the DevTools tabs continue to show information related to the current webpage.

Reviewer 3: Can we add something at the end, maybe just like: 

This is an experimental feature that hopefully makes it easier to collaborate with DevTools and see unminified file and function names in the Performance and Memory tools. If you are driving memory and performance investigations, please give this feature a try and let us know how it goes for you by filing feedback [in our GitHub repo](https://github.com/microsoftedge/DevTools/)!

Maybe consider creating a default issue we can get feedback for in the GitHub repo. I'll defer to you on what's best here.
